hey guys this is Albert I am putting
this video up in place of our normally
scheduled let's play content to tell you
guys about a game that I like to play a
lot recently especially with my son and
that is Train Frontier Express and as
you can see it's basically a model train
simulator for your computer but like not
a model like you can it's really cool
because oh yeah here's the car - you can
drive a car in this basically the same
as grand theft auto except maybe the
physics aren't you know realistic it's
still fun is what I'm saying
and but you can like you can place your
tracks you can you know make them
however you want you can build little
doodads right here on building a power
station which is pretty cool wanted to
like later on I ended up late paying all
this bland yellow and making it like
super polluted looking and stuff which
is really a lot of fun you know you get
you can extrude the terrain you can see
here we're going up a really big hill
you get a lot of different views of the
Train different things you can do
looking at it you know first person
third person you go first person in a
little boxcar it's pretty freakin
awesome
and different kinds of trees different
kind of paints on the terrain so you get
different looking train it's really a
lot of fun just messing around in this
and oh my gosh oh my gosh the Train
someone built a track up through a big
hill and then down a big hill and then
there wasn't anything so this is like
90% of what I do in this game is just
crash this train over and over and over
again and you may be asking yourself
does the 1812 overture play every time
and the answer is yes and it's awesome
every time
gosh
it knocks out like the generally it
doesn't interact with the houses but
every time it lot runs into them like
after crashing it knocks them out so you
see your houses blow up so much fun it's
so much fun look at it's all buried
stuff
everything is at bar donation bar
donation yeah
you